Lazy subset shape, MultiPolygon crossing meridian, DataArray in subset_shape. (#367)
Ouranosinc/xclim: HISTORY.rst

0.14.x
------

> * Fix in `subset.subset_shape` to make it lazy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rewrote the `subset.subset_shape` function to allow for dask.delayed (lazy) computation.
```
